Our group looked at a simulation of rideshares in the Boston area.
Purple dots will represent Lyfts and black dots will represent Uber.
Our first visualization shows how the average surge multiplier, the y-axis,  changes by day which is seen on the x-axis.
This can then be compared to the price per mile of a specific day, throughout that day.
The 24 hour time being on the x-axis and the price per mile on the y.
Days of the week may be changed using these drop downs.
Next, one can look at average surge multiplier and average prices for different weather conditions.
The overall average is always shown but the specific weather condition may be changed using this drop down.
The weather conditions are on the x-axis
and the y-axis shows either the surge multiplier for the left graph, or the price for the right graph.
Finally
This visualization shows three graphs
The first of which shows how the distance on the x-axis
changes with the price on the y-axis.
Each dot represents a ride.
The next scatterplot shows how the surge multiplier changes throughout November
and all the way through to December.
The date being on the x-axis
and the surge multiplier being on the y
Finally, there is a bar graph that shows how many rides
start in each region of Boston.
The regions are on the x-axis and the count of trips are on the y.
Highlighting over given points will illuminate
their corresponding ride on the other scatterplot
and also highlight
the starting locations of the rides selected.